you
ladies and gentlemen tentacle Vanson and
welcome to a star citizen update now
over the sort of actually it's been a
week just over a week now we found quite
a bit of news relating to some of the
ships and also there's been some other
information there as well now first off
we've seen the introduction of the
Vandal bomber the Vandal bomber has a
maximum crew of unknown as yet so we
have to wait and see let's make the
assumption that it will also be more
than one it has three tr5 maneuver
thrusters and it has ten tr3s as the
shields of five it has a maximum guns of
three times sixes it has three times 6
electron cannon sounds interesting for
the missiles four times four triple
mount torpedo cluster it also has a
turrets of seven times for laser
repeater turrets as well so that sounds
pretty crazy this thing's going to be a
bit of a be snowed out and they've
actually said it can also carry a
boarding craft or ship so that's going
to be really interesting to see what
they is as well so we've just started to
see some of these vandals ships come in
now they're quite pointy but they
actually betch by the looks of it the
actual pointy bits some bits fold up and
I was probably doing that so they fit in
the hangars it'll be easier the second
ship we've seen is the Vandal site now
the Vandal staff was actually introduced
into the game quite a while ago that was
probably one of the well that was the
actual first Vandal ship we actually saw
the van dahl themself I believe are
particularly tall I think that also have
like nine feet tall or something
ridiculous and goes obviously they're
alien the current Vandal ships we have
account in Rena commander they are
actually solely for the van dahl now to
get that ship so it could be flyable by
a player obviously a plan not being nine
feet tall the ship needs to be adapted
so the adapted ship looks slightly
different actually to the original van
dahl mainly around the placement of the
characters quite a quite odd placement
you're actually sort of lying down so
I'll see that's been adjusted and also
the viewing angles of a
you've been improved as well one of the
other things they've been focusing on as
well is off c converting the alien
technology into sort of human technology
now in game the anvil aerospace are
basically working on the refit one thing
i was sort of looking forward to is
actually seeing it sort of that maybe
alien hud's as a permanent placement but
looks like what they're doing is is the
boot up sequence you will see the Vandal
HUD but after that because of the refit
by anvil aerospace you would then sort
of cut in from the sort of alien
technology into then the anvil aerospace
normal HUDs heads-up display when you
take damage or a heavy here you will see
the computer which will be the anvil
aerospace sort of hud flickr between
anvil and the alien technology just to
give you a bit of that sore feeling of
flying an alien craft the next patch
we're going to see is going to be 1
point 2 point 0 this will have the new
balancing pass in game this is pretty
significant this actually affects all
weapons or armor it pretty much affects
all parts of the game so this is going
to be a massive transition as well
obviously a part of 1.2 we're expecting
to see the FPS aspect in there and also
there's going to be some significant
improvements as well to the launcher and
also some improvements so the load time
not just in FPS but also in arena
commander the actual mount around that
is actually you're going to need to
actually load the hangar module and the
load times will be improved so they'll
be less Ram actually load into the VR
Ram unload I think at the moment is
something like ridiculous like 100 Meg
per ship so that's going to be reduced
down significantly so this awesome let's
make the assumption that this should
help with performance as well in the
latest around the verse as well we also
got a glimpse of the f8 heavy fighter
and that was in the latest there around
the verse now this does look really
really cool we have the Hornet at the
moment the Hornet is obviously a smaller
fighter craft and the FAA is being more
the side of a heavy fighter there will
be some sacrifice their home I should
imagine that maneuverability won't be as
good but the load out of that ship looks
phenomenal so it looks absolutely
fantastic so for the people out there
who enjoy battling out in a ship and
you're looking for that next fighter
craft this one could be for you because
it looks very very cool the citizens con
tickets have actually now sold out there
was actually 700 that have actually sold
so that's going to be an absolute
massive turnout now citizen Khan as well
we've got quite a few months or seen to
it comes around this time it will be
live stream so for the people not
attending you will better watch it for
the comfort your sofa at home something
I'm looking forward to I've no doubt
they're going to show some new content
along the way currently at the moment in
arena commander all ships are actually
fly ball at the moment so if you are
thinking about picking a ship I would
definitely suggest that you jump on
board now in star citizen and actually
try out them ships to see if you
actually like them it's a good
opportunity to try before you buy at the
other side of it you don't have to buy
you can try them out and then also see
once we go into the persistent universe
then you can actually and then you can
work towards getting that ship later on
in the game and finally from me today as
well guys that we've been working hard
in the technical advance community over
the previous months we've actually gone
live with our new home page and
redesigned forum so I'll leave a link
there guys go and take a look and hope
you like it there is other revisions
coming up we see this is sort of v1 of
the sort of homepage and forum and
development and design will progress
over the coming months if you're looking
to join a star citizen organization guys
we're ramping up and getting ready for
the FBS module so I'll leave a link in
the description below so thanks for
listening guys and don't forget to
subscribe bye now